docs(AI): add AI development tools page and replace stale references (#4991)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/AI/rapid-prototyping/enhancing-existing-projects.md

# Enhancing existing projects

> This guide covers how to integrate AI-assisted PatternFly development tools into an existing codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes how to integrate AI-assisted PatternFly development tools into an existing codebase.
```

Before you get started, review [best practices for AI-assisted prototyping](/ai/rapid-prototyping/#best-practices-for-ai-assisted-prototyping) and learn about [vibe coding principles](/ai/rapid-prototyping/#what-is-vibe-coding) for effective AI-assisted development.

If you need to start a new project, follow our guidelines for [starting a new prototype](/ai/rapid-prototyping/new-prototypes).

> ## How to set up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get started
```
I think this applies decently?

> AI coding tools work best when they have context about the frameworks and patterns your project uses. The [PatternFly AI helpers](https://github.com/patternfly/ai-helpers) marketplace plugins give your AI tools this context, leading to more accurate component suggestions, better adherence to design patterns, and improved consistency across your codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI development tools work best when they have context about the frameworks and patterns your project uses. The [PatternFly AI helpers](https://github.com/patternfly/ai-helpers) marketplace plugins provide your AI tools with this context, leading to more accurate component suggestions, better adherence to design patterns, and improved consistency across your codebase.
```

> The plugins install into your AI tool, so there are no project dependencies to manage. For setup instructions, available plugins, and the recommended MCP server, see the [AI development tools](/ai/ai-development-tools) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because these plugin are installed directly within your AI tools, there are no project dependencies to manage. To set up and use our plugins, refer to our [AI development tools](/ai/ai-development-tools) guidance.
```
note to update the link based on what we rename
